README.md, before:

# Emloyee-Trails-     Please start with: node index.js
Viewing and managing departments, roles, and employees in a company, so that the establishment can organize and plan their business.


# Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Visual](#visual)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [GitHub Informationl](#github-information)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Credits](#credits)


# Description
* Add departments, roles, employees

* View departments, roles, employees

* Update employee roles

* Update employee managers

* View employees by manager

* Delete departments, roles, and employees


# Visual








# Installations
Use node.js, with inquirer, mysql, console.table/console-table-printer installed through npm install in the terminal. In the terminal or Gitbash 'npm start' or 'node server.js' to run this application. The terminal will prompt users as to which views, updates, deletions, and additions to the company employee pool are required at the time of use.

Please start with: node index.js


# Usages
*  Mysql Workbench/ database
*  CLI Intwerface
*  Menu options lead to additional prompts
*  Recursive function

# Contributors

countless hrs from:
* AskBCS Learning assistant:
* AskBCS Learning Assistant ocskier
* AskBCS Learning Assistant d.kang106
* AskBCS Learning Assistant leah.daniels
* AskBCS Learning Assistant nathanieljryan1994
* AskBCS Learning Assistant jamescoon035
* AskBCS Learning Assistant klewi314
* AskBCS Learning Assistant jakedudum
* @askCarlVega TA
* @askTimNagorski TA
* @askJonJackson TA

# GitHub 
## https://github.com/kobac44

<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/kobac44" width="200px">

## Credits
https://npmjs.com/package/inquirer

https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=console-table-printer

https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=console.table

https://www.techonthenet.com/mysql/functions/sum.php

https://devhints.io/mysql

https://dev.mysql.com/doc/relnotes/workbench/en/news-8-0-21.html

Commit message:

added a screencastify link and a screen shot to the readme

README.md, after:

# Emloyee-Trails-     Please type in: "node index.js" in the CLI prompt.
Viewing and managing departments, roles, and employees in a company, so that the establishment can organize and plan their business.


# Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Visual](#visual)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [GitHub Informationl](#github-information)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Credits](#credits)


# Description
* Add departments, roles, employees

* View departments, roles, employees

* Update employee roles

* Update employee managers

* View employees by manager

* Delete departments, roles, and employees


# Visual
* Link to Screencastify:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GW6fRh_ccuOp9PQOAbaXwQPl1NK7O5c7/view

<img src="./Assets/Employee Tracker sshot.jpg" width="200px">




# Installations
Use node.js, with inquirer, mysql, console.table/console-table-printer installed through npm install in the terminal. In the terminal or Gitbash 'npm start' or 'node server.js' to run this application. The terminal will prompt users as to which views, updates, deletions, and additions to the company employee pool are required at the time of use.

Please start with: node index.js


# Usages
*  Mysql Workbench/ database
*  CLI Intwerface
*  Menu options lead to additional prompts
*  Recursive function

# Contributors

countless hrs from:
* AskBCS Learning assistant:
* AskBCS Learning Assistant ocskier
* AskBCS Learning Assistant d.kang106
* AskBCS Learning Assistant leah.daniels
* AskBCS Learning Assistant nathanieljryan1994
* AskBCS Learning Assistant jamescoon035
* AskBCS Learning Assistant klewi314
* AskBCS Learning Assistant jakedudum
* @askCarlVega TA
* @askTimNagorski TA
* @askJonJackson TA

# GitHub 
## https://github.com/kobac44

<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/kobac44" width="200px">

## Credits
https://npmjs.com/package/inquirer

https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=console-table-printer

https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=console.table

https://www.techonthenet.com/mysql/functions/sum.php

https://devhints.io/mysql

https://dev.mysql.com/doc/relnotes/workbench/en/news-8-0-21.html
